[docs] Add snackbar example using sonner (#36926)
mui/material-ui: docs/data/joy/components/snackbar/snackbar.md

     allow="accelerometer; ambient-light-sensor; camera; encrypted-media; geolocation; gyroscope; hid; microphone; midi; payment; usb; vr; xr-spatial-tracking"
     sandbox="allow-forms allow-modals allow-popups allow-presentation allow-same-origin allow-scripts"
   ></iframe>

### With Sonner

> Sonner provides a `Toaster` component providing an opinionated styling for toasts.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Sonner](https://sonner.emilkowal.ski/), an opinionated toast component for React, comes with features like stackable toasts and swipe to dismiss animation.
```

> [Sonner](https://sonner.emilkowal.ski/), an opinionated toast component for React, comes with features like stackable toasts and swipe-to-dismiss animation.
> Using Sonner and Joy ui css variables, it is possible to customize `sonner` to look and
> feel like joy components.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Sonner](https://sonner.emilkowal.ski/), an opinionated toast component for React, comes with features like stackable toasts and swipe-to-dismiss animation.

To use Sonner with Joy UI, override Sonner's CSS variables with Joy UI color tokens by targeting `[data-sonner-toaster][data-theme]` selector.

You can also pass Joy UI's Alert component to [`toast.custom()`](https://github.com/emilkowalski/sonner#headless) to fully control the structure of the notification.
```

It is also possible to enhance `sonner`'s `toast` function with custom toasting functions
that closely resemble `joy ui`'s semantics (i.e.: adding a `warning` toast).

- [Sonner documentation](https://github.com/emilkowalski/sonner#introduction)

> <iframe src="https://codesandbox.io/embed/snackbar-joy-ui-feat-sonner-otxlzw?fontsize=14&hidenavigation=1&theme=dark"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<iframe src="https://codesandbox.io/embed/snackbar-joy-ui-feat-sonner-cs244m?fontsize=14&hidenavigation=1&theme=dark"
```
